(SOUND FROM TELEVISION)
(PHONE RINGS)
(SOUND FROM TELEVISION STOPS)
- JODIE: Yeah?
- RYAN: Jodie.
Hey, it's Ryan.
- JODIE: Ryan?
- RYAN: I was just wondering
if you got my email.
- JODIE: W-Wh-Wh-What email?
- RYAN: The one I sent three days ago.
- JODIE: You know I...
I've actually been having problems with my computer.
Wh-What was the email about?
- RYAN: Dinner.
Tonight, fancy restaurant. (CHUCKLES)
Anyway, it-it's too late now so...
maybe another time?
- JODIE: Shit...
Shit, I'm so sorry... I...
You know what... Why don't you
come over here for dinner tonight?
I mean you wanted to see
my apartment anyway, so...
- RYAN: Urm... Sure... But uh...
- JODIE: How about around eight?
- RYAN: Okay. Yeah, I'll bring
a kick-arse bottle of wine. See you later.
(BEEP)
- JODIE: (CHUCKLES)
- JODIE: (SCOFFS)
Now I get why you blasted my computer.
You didn't want me to see Ryan.
(AIDEN REPLIES)
It's not your call, Aiden.
I can do what I want.
(AIDEN REPLIES)
Fuck this.
Fuck this!
We're not gonna start this again!
I'm not yours, Aiden!
I can have a relationship with whoever I want.
This is my life.
Do you fucking hear me?
This is my life!
(AIDEN REPLIES)
You know what...
I happen to think Ryan is great.
He's charming, he's intelligent, he's funny...
And I... think I'm falling for him. (CHUCKLES)
Okay...
Okay.
Seven o'clock.
I've an hour to make dinner...
Tidy up and... make myself look good.
Right... the trash can in the kitchen.
'right, books...
Okay, on the bookshelf.
'kay, great.
Alright, dirty clothes...
in the basket in the bathroom.
Alright, there.
Oh my god...
Oh my god, the dinner!
Okay, th-there's gotta be
something in the kitchen.
I gotta find something
that I can make in one hour...
With whatever left in the fridge.
Asian beef...
I mean that looks good...
It's not too complicated.
Curry chicken
with oven-baked vegetables.
It'll take some time
in the oven but...
...seems doable.
Pizza delivery.
I mean it's...
Not exactly gourmet but it...
No preparation, no mess.
I mean...
Could be an option.
Yeah...
Asian beef, I mean
it looks suitably exotic.
(CHUCKLES) As long as
I don't manage to fuck it up.
Thanks, Aiden.
(VEGETABLE CHOPPING SOUND)
(ONION PEELING SOUND)
So far so good.
(FIRE IGNITES)
Alright, add the sake for flavour.
(SCREAMS)
Oh...
I think I'm beginning to like cooking.
Ryan, you're gonna love this.
(DOOR BELL RINGS)
Oh crap!
Crap, he's early.
I'm coming!
(GASPS)
You know you're wasting your time, Aiden.
You're not gonna stop me
from seeing Ryan.
Come on, Aiden. Don't be
a pain in the arse.
(AIDEN REPLIES)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Oh crap...
Do I have time
to take a shower first?
What should I wear?
Oh, hey Ryan.
Yeah, whatever, I just like...
threw these old things on, 'cause...
Yeah, I'm cool... I'm cool.
Yeah, I-I'm just gonna be me.
I mean there's no point in me
throwing myself at the guy.
You might as well just give up, Aiden.
Okay?
The date is going on.
Period.
(SOUND FROM TELEVISION)
Oh (SCOFFS)
Yeah, that's very funny, Aiden.
Wow, it's...
...very romantic... (CHUCKLES)
(SNIFFS)
God.
I hate this stuff.
(SOUND FROM TELEVISION)
(DOOR BELL RINGS)
Aiden, behave yourself.
This is important to me
and I'm counting on you.
Hey... (CHUCKLES)
- RYAN: (CHUCKLES)
Uh...
(^()^)%$#^ 2001.
The guy in the store told
it's a pretty good year.
- JODIE: It sounds good to me, so...
- RYAN: Okay...
(DOOR SHUTS)
- JODIE: Wh-Why don't you sit...
I-I'll get the... ah...
The thing that opens the wine...
(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY)
- RYAN: Cool apartment.
- JODIE: Huh?
Yeah, thanks.
Aiden!
For fuck's sakes!
- RYAN: Do you want me to open it?
- JODIE: No no, I'll do it.
(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY)
- RYAN: Thanks.
To your new apartment.
- JODIE: To my new apartment.
(CHUCKLES)
- RYAN: Also, when did you move in?
- JODIE: Um... Couple weeks ago...
Yeah... The agency found it for me
and all furnished and everything... I just...
Actually, the first place I've ever had.
And how about you,
where do you live?
- RYAN: Oh, I have a place
just outside of town.
It's small but you know,
it has a little garden.
- JODIE: And... did you...
Did you grow up here or...?
- RYAN: No, no I was born in Oregon.
My parents and brother still live there.
But I moved out
when I was sixteen.
- JODIE: Sixteen?
Did you...
...get kicked out or something?
- RYAN: Ah...
Things were pretty...
chaotic at home.
My stepfather liked to beat me
when he had too much to drink.
And... uh...
I just decided to get out
before one of us went too far.
- JODIE: Um...
How did you end up joining the CIA?
- RYAN: I... ah... I went to college.
Not really knowing what I wanted to do...
Tried the army.
You know, actio, travel, adventure...
- JODIE: (CHUCKLES)
Long enough to realise
that wasn't for me.
And when the CIA agent recruiter
approached to me and I jumped at it.
- JODIE: I should probably...
You know, I'm gonna go
check on the dinner because...
This cooking thing
is a whole new adventure for me.
- RYAN: (CHUCKLES)
You need help?
- JODIE: No, but why don't you go sit
and more wine would be nice. (CHUCKLES)
- RYAN: Okay.
- RYAN: Ah... Asian beef, right?
- JODIE: Yeah... is...
- RYAN: I was sent to China a year.
I love Asian food.
- JODIE: Oh... well...
Do not get your hopes up. (CHUCKLES)
This is... probably the second time
that I've cooked. And...
I would rather not
talk about the first time.
- RYAN: Hm...
This is good.
- JODIE: Good. I'm-I'm glad.
I'm glad you like it.
- RYAN: So we've been working
together now for... what?
Like... two years?
And I know almost nothing about you.
- JODIE: I mean...
There's nothing much to say.
I grew up with my parents
on the DPA campus. And then...
And then Nathan looked after me.
Well... I mean...
You pretty much know the rest, so...
- RYAN: Yeah, your parents...
Do you... uh... you still see them?
- JODIE: No.
No, I don't. I...
I think they were just...
terrified about how different I was.
So...
Nathan and...
...Cole, th-they brought me up,
more or less.
They taught me how to cope with Aiden.
How to accept myself as I am.
I mean it wasn't always easy, but...
I'm... making progress.
- RYAN: Yeah, d-did Nathan manage to explain
to you why you have this... link with Aiden?
- JODIE: No.
I mean not really.
They learnt a lot of stuff
about the Infraworld.
Really not much about Aiden.
I mean I-I don't think
even he knows who...
...or what he is.
- RYAN: (CHUCKLES)
It's like...
Is he here now? Listening to us?
- JODIE: Yeah.
Yeah, he never leaves me.
Uh...
What about you?
Do you have a family here?
- RYAN: No. Now my... ah...
My parents are just still in Oregon.
I go to see 'em as little as possible.
- JODIE: (CHUCKLE AWKWARDLY)
And are you... uhm...
Are you married or anything?
- RYAN: No no... (STUTTERS)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Yeah, I mean I-I (STUTTERS)
I was.
Yeah, my ex-wife and I have been separated
for... uh... two years
And... uh... (INHALES DEEPLY)
Yeah, that couldn't work.
I mean, in the end it didn't.
You know, we had our good times but... uh...
eventually we decided to go our separate ways.
How 'bout you?
Anyone on your radar?
- JODIE: (QUIETLY) No.
I've got Aiden, so...
- RYAN: I mean anyone in our world.
- JODIE: You know...
Aiden kind of...
...has always made people run away.
Or maybe it's me.
Maybe I'm just...
...to odd for anyone to be interested in.
- RYAN: You're special.
Jodie.
Aiden's got nothing to do with this.
- JODIE: Uh... I'm sorry...
- RYAN: No, I-I-I... I thought you...
- JODIE: No...
No, it's not... it...
I-I... It's my fault... I'm...
I just... I-I can't... I'm...
- RYAN: Uh...
(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY)
I better go.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR SHUTS)
- JODIE: Are you happy, Aiden?
You got what you wanted.
(AIDEN REPLIES)
Yeah, I know it's not your fault.
I completely freaked out.
He's gonna think I'm an idiot.
I am such a fucking idiot!
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
You know, you were right.
Maybe he's just not my type.
I wonder if anyone is.
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
I always got you, Aiden, right?